What:
A special Mushroom that makes your urine poisonous, killing whatever it touches. Mary/Kate demand you wear a diaper to protect the enviorment

Leads to: you to finding a doctor. Doctor gives you a suppository, however nails are too long, so she has a suppository device. (strapon)
"Operation successful" "*Lots of cheers"

Make sure to administer once a week, "Is that enough?" "can we use semen?"

Needs:
User name at beginning

To be out of diaper - diaper quest complete

Hunger in the game/ food shortage

GirlWorld? Other World, Island of Lezbos

Port


AutoOn = true;

isApplicable(past day 3, no diaper, DQ1 complete);

store is busy, crowd yelling, "I told you, there's a shortage of food. Unless your here to buy swords, there's nothing I can help you with." The crowd eventually dispurses.

In forest section 1, "You find some mushrooms. Do you wish to eat?"

you find a bush to relieve yourself. You smell something funny. You look down, the plant you are peeing on is dying as you urinate on it. You yelp in fear Mary and Kayla rush to see what's going on.

"What's goin on?"

"Something about those mushrooms he ate must be affecting his urine, which is killing the plants."

"What do I do?"

"Here put this on."

"What? No."

Kayla holds a sword up to your throat"[user name] I swear, if one cute little bunny dies because he ate a plant you peed on, I will end you."

Mary's hands start glowing purple. She has an expression of fierce rage directed at Kayla "LOWER YOUR WEAPON!" she shouts. Kayla is hyper focused on you. "LOWER YOUR WEAPON NOW!" Shit is about to go down. What do you do? (Put on diaper, refuse) 

"Okay. Okay. We're cool." You and Mary exchange glances, surprised at this side of Kayla

You put on the diaper.

"So... am I just supposed to wear this for the rest of my life?"

"I think I know a doctor, she's on a nearby island. Maybe we can get a ride there. She'll probably know what to do."

Interact with Coast - "where do you want to go?"
1. (might be offensive)

After asking around you find the Dr.

You tell her the story.

"Mhm, Mhm, I've seen this before. Sounds like you ate the Zuwulu mushroom. That's not good. It's fixable, but we'll need to perform a procedure right away.

"Start procedure/ return to mainland?"

"Let's get started. First get on that table." You get on the table. It has a contraption on it that forces you to stick your butt up. "Bite this." A rubber ball fills your mouth. The two nurses strap your arms and legs into the contraption. The nurse walks infront of you. Normally we'd give you a suppository pill, but my nails are too long to insert it. Luckily thanks to modern science, we have a contraption that allows me to inject the liquid form into you, and I can do it hands free. Look" She lifts up her skirt and points to her crotch where she has what looks an awful lot like a long girthy rubber penis attached to her pelvis. Now this is going to get a little messy, so let me just take off my clothes so that they don't get messy. She gets on the table behind you. "Okay. Are you ready?"

"MMM MM"
"MM MMM"

Great! She grabs your waist and She sticks the device in your anus. It's so tight. You feel every millimeter of travel. She starts to pull it out. She must be done you think. She then sticks it back in. then back out. 

"Doctor," why do you pull it in and out. "It's a pump mechanism. It builds up pressure in the device, and then shoots out the medicine deep into the colon." She goes in and out for several minutes. You feel her sweat drip on your back. 

You feel it squirt the medicine inside you. She pulls out the contraption as the white goo leaks out of your anus.

You hear a round of applause from nurses and doctors who were spectating the procedure. All women. 

They untie your restraints from the table.

She gives the device to Kayla.

"Now to fully neutralize the effects of the poison, you should do that about once a week for four weeks."

"Is that really going to be enough?" asked mary

"I suppose it wouldn't hurt to do it more."

"Doctor, this stuff kind of looks like Semen."

"It's synthetic semen. The cholorine in Semen will neutralize the effects and work just fine if you have it"

"Mary, I think you should hang on to this."



