3 suspects in a murder.
All bald, white, wear a uniform.

Bloodwolf gang. You have to find the murderer. They know it was the bloodwolf gang b/c of the knife used. 

Sherriff == His name is Mason Wainwright.  He's from the next town over. He was stabbed multiple times with a Bloodwolf gang dagger. He shows you the dagger. It's finely crafted with an extremely sharp talon blade and turtoise shell in the hilt. A lot of love and care went into the crafting of the knife. It's almost as much of an art piece as it is a weapon. "We suspect that this crew is a group of assassins, but we never have enough evidence to sentence anyone. Normally, there's a quick slit of the throat or a quick stab in the back, however, this murder was different. Unlike many of the cases with a swift and quick assassination, this one seems to have been a struggle. More of a fight. I suspect it was the amputee, but your guess is as good as mine. 


One is missing several fingers on their right hand. He only has a thumb and forefinger ==> Claims he was with his girlfriend who happens to be out of town. Says he got the injury when working with wood.
one is left handed. ==> I was at home. No alliby.
One says they couldn't have because they lost their knife in a card game to some guy in the local tavern. We weren't able to find the man in question, but the bartender can verify that the gangmember lost his knife.

The traveler's not available but the bartender can confirm that they lost their knife. I don't know who it was, some guy from out of town. The man who won it was very obnoxious about it.

Witness == I was doing my makeup in the old alley with my pocket mirror when I heard shouting and somebody throw a punch. In the Reflection I saw the two men fighting. There was a knife on the ground and at one point the assailant picked the knife up and stabbed the victim multiple times. I remember seeing him use his left hand. It was shocking to see, I was litterally in shock. when I finally got my composure i turned around to get a better look but the assailant was gone. It was at this point I contacted the police.

Was it:
The man missing fingers on his right hand
The man who is left handed
The man who lost his knife.